CET Release Notes - 5-25-10 (#3176)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-error-tracking.md

Harness deploys changes to Harness SaaS clusters on a progressive basis. This means that the features and fixes that these release notes describe may not be immediately available in your cluster. To identify the cluster that hosts your account, go to the **Account Overview** page.
:::

## Latest: Version ET-Service 5.25.9 and ET-Collector 5.25.3

### New features and enhancements

- Various dependencies were upgraded to prevent security issues. (CET-1571)

> - Starting with this release, the default time period on the Events Summary page has been adjusted to one hour. (CET-1576)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default time period on the Events Summary page has been adjusted to one hour. (CET-1576)
```

- The Events Summary page was timing out when fetching data, especially for events marked as resolved. (CET-1569)
  
  This issue has been resolved. The Events Summary page now loads significantly faster.

- Users were not receiving notifications when relevant events were generated. (CET-1585)

  This issue has been resolved. Now, notifications are being sent when relevant events occur.

- The ARC screen was unable to fetch source attach data. (CET-1685)
  
  This issue has been resolved. You can now view source attach data directly on the ARC screen.

- The Events Summary page was not displaying the event status for new, resurfaced, and critical events. (CET-1686)
  
  This issue has been resolved. On the Events Summary page, you will now see the appropriate status indicators for new, resurfaced, and critical events.

### Hotfixes

#### Version ET-Service 5.25.10

- The search functionality in the events list was not working. (CET-1618)
  
  This issue has been resolved. Now, when you enter a value in the Search field, CET searches the Description and the Location columns in the Events List for matching values.
  

> - New events were not appearing in the events list. Fix: This issue has been resolved. (CET-1632)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New events did not appear in the events list. (CET-1632)
```

>   Now, the Events List displays all events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This issue has been resolved. Now, the Events List displays all events.
```
